Add release notes for Istio 1.2.3 (#4755)
istio/istio.io: content/boilerplates/notes/1.2.3.md

## Bug fixes

- Fix infinite loops self-requests when pod defines a port undefined for service ([Issue 14443](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/14443)) and ([Issue 14242](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/14242))
- Fix a bug where Stackdriver adapter is getting shutdown after telemetry is started.
- Fix Redis Connectivity Issues.
- Fix case-sensitivity in regex-based HTTP URI matching for Virtual Service ([Issue 14983](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/14983))
- Fix HPA and CPU settings for demo profile ([Issue 15338](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/15338))
- Relax Keep-Alive enforcement policy to avoid dropping connections under load ([Issue 15088](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/15088))
- When SDS is not used, skip Kubernetes JWT authentication to mitigate the risk of compromised (untrustworthy) JWTs being used.

> - Update base image version for Bookinfo reviews sample app ([Issue 15477](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/15477))

Author: ```suggestion

## Tests upgrade

- Update base image version for Bookinfo reviews sample app ([Issue 15477](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/15477))
```

## Bug fixes

- Fix infinite loops self-requests when pod defines a port undefined for service ([Issue 14443](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/14443)) and ([Issue 14242](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/14242))
- Fix a bug where Stackdriver adapter is getting shutdown after telemetry is started.
- Fix Redis Connectivity Issues.
- Fix case-sensitivity in regex-based HTTP URI matching for Virtual Service ([Issue 14983](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/14983))
- Fix HPA and CPU settings for demo profile ([Issue 15338](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/15338))
- Relax Keep-Alive enforcement policy to avoid dropping connections under load ([Issue 15088](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/15088))
- When SDS is not used, skip Kubernetes JWT authentication to mitigate the risk of compromised (untrustworthy) JWTs being used.

## Tests upgrade

> - Update base image version for Bookinfo reviews sample app ([Issue 15477](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/15477))

Reviewer: Please insert a blank line after the title.

## Bug fixes

> - Fix infinite loops self-requests when pod defines a port undefined for service ([Issue 14443](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/14443)) and ([Issue 14242](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/14242))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug where the sidecar could infinitely forward requests to itself when pod defines a port undefined for service ([Issue 14443](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/14443)) and ([Issue 14242](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/14242))
```

> - Fix a bug where Stackdriver adapter is getting shutdown after telemetry is started.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug where Stackdriver adapter shutsdown after telemetry is started.
```

> - Fix a bug where Stackdriver adapter shutsdown after telemetry is started.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug where Stackdriver adapter shuts down after telemetry is started.
```

> - Fix Redis Connectivity Issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix Redis connectivity issues.
```
